Framerizr.MVC
=============

What is it?
-----------

Framerizr.MVC lets you easily embed your **ASP.NET Razor Views** inside iframes hosted in external webs with kick-ass auto-height behavior **Ajax Requests** resistant. 
Meaning you can iframe your own *ASP.NET MVC Web Application* inside another web and browse your own without worrying about if the size of embedded html content will fit the iframe in case of **DOM** modification by **Ajax Requests** or simply link navigation.

How it works?
-------------

It works by installing an additional controller (`FramerizrController`) in your *ASP.NET MVC Web Application* which serves any requested URI of your own application inside a 100% dimension wide iframe (you'll see why in a minute). 
In the external web, Framerizr uses [easyXDM](http://easyxdm.net/wp/) to create an iframe and visualize the content of your *ASP.NET MVC Web Application* served through `FramerizrController. 
Meaning this, that content is enclosed by 2 iframes: the one in the external web and the transitional one generated by `FramerizrController`. 

This happens because Framerizr monitors the size of the enclosed html content using [DOM Mutation Observers](https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/domcore/raw-file/tip/Overview.html#mutationobserver) for detecting height changes in the html body and [easyXDM Sockets](http://easyxdm.net/wp/2010/03/17/setting-up-your-first-socket/), 
which allow X Domain Javascript calls, for pushing this info to the iframe in the external web. 
The transitional iframe used to serve the html content is required in order to keep open the easyXDM socket, otherwise once you browse away the connection will be closed and height monitoring stops working. 
One extra advantage of using a transitional iframe is it allows you to serve any html content of your *ASP.NET MVC Web Application* without having to add any extra script reference in any of your views.

Installation
------------

Use the *Package Manager Console* for installing full Framerizr.MVC package:

```
	PM> Install-Package Framerizr.MVC
```

Or alternatively installing the client and server packages as it suits:

```
	PM> Install-Package Framerizr.Client
```

```
	PM> Install-Package Framerizr.MVC.Server
```

### Note
* You may also install this packages by right-clicking the project in *Visual Studio* and selecting the option *Manage Nuget Packages..*

Getting Started
---------------

Using Framerizr.MVC is easy once installed. You just have to add the following where you want to iframe an **ASP.NET MVC Web Application** empowered with Framerizr.

```html
	<div data-iframe-src="http://example. domain.com/" ></div>
```

Or alternatively you may specified a custom Framerizr URI. 

```html
	<div data-iframe-src="http://example.domain.com/" data-framerizr-uri="http://other.route.com/OtherApp/Framerizr"></div>
```

### Note:
* Check out the jQuery reference in `Views/Framerizr/Index.cshtml`. It's default set to jQuery v1.6.2 for surely you'll have another one installed, it's just Murphy's Law. 

```html
	<script src="@Url.Content("~/Scripts/jquery-1.6.2.min.js")"></script>
```
